10-1-24

My role is project leader and main html coordinator. We were just trying to figure out all the git stuff today for the most part. Hopefully tomorrow I'm looking forward to 
working on actually getting some of the pages up and having a rough draft of the layout just to see where it's headed.
The biggest challenge today was trying to find somewhere to start and also figuring out all the git stuff. Working in a big group is hard, let alone figuring out 
how to navigate things I dont really understand with a group. My goals for my group are to hopefully work cohesively and have a smooth sailing 
working time and also having a fully functional website at the end of these next couple weeks.

10-2-24 

What new challenge arose today ?
- I tried to use bootstrap to be able to style the front page now I just need to figure out how to get the local host to run. It wont for some reason. I keep getting
errors in my terminal.

-1 source youre using to research?
trip advisor and the bootstrap website.

-1 source youre using to collaborate w your teammates? 
github.

10-3-2024

1. Do you believe youre giving your best effort to the team? 
- Yes, we've had a lot of git problems so it's been hard to get started but I feel like I'm finally getting in a good groove of things

2. what is one way you hope to improve your site by the end of the week?
- I hope to have all 3 pages connected and looking decently presentable by the end of tomorrow.

3. what is one technical problem holding you back?
- git is really confusing sometimes and pushing and pulling has problems sometimes with everyones code. 

4. what is one way you can help support your team moving forward?
- I feel like asking what everyone is working on and maybe giving more live feedback during the workday would help.


10/08/2024

1. what is one topic you had to revisit from last year? 
- lots of css aspects that I forgot existed. I had to use felx box quite a bit.

2. what is one real life website that inspired you?
-Tripadvisor!! I took so much inspiration from that page.

3. Have you considered color blindness in your color palette?
-No we have not.

10/9/24

1. how did we prioritze time today?
We focused on our biggest issues and the things we absolutely had to get on the site in order to make sure we accomplished everything.

2. were there any unexpected challenges? 
we ran into a lot of merging errors to getting those all figured out was a little bit of a hassle but we figured it out. 

3. How would you help other students working on a similar project?
communicatea about everything. what youre good at, what youre bad at, what you need help with, EVERYTHING. and also dont be afraid to take risks 
and try something new because youre not going to make progress sticking to the same old things.