10/1/24 Journal 
My role is to be a Design specialist but also research and jump around.
 My responsiblities are to research about the company
and create an about me page with maya.
 I worked on getting my repo and making sure everything was up to date as well as know my
role in this project.
The biggest challenge was figuring out what everyone roles were gonna be and how to get all of us to be able to merge in the main branch.
My goal is to be able to communicate with my teammates and learn to work with each other.
I will work on the framework for the About me page as well as research with maya hopefully.

10/2/24 Journal
A new challenge that arose was getting the live server to work so me and Maya can work on the
about us file at the same time.
A resource im using is just w3schools for some thing I might've forgotten to do.
A resource im using to collarborate better with my teammates is gmail chats.

10/3/24 Journal

I do believe I am giving my best effort as I am always communicating and making sure 
I have everyones opinion.
I am hoping to have the About us page at least drafted out.
One challenge is the layout and color scheme as well as trying to make sure that it cooridnates with the main page as well as 
transfering the draft from codepen to the Vs code.
I can support my team by communicating with them and ensuring everyone approves of the idea.

10/8/24

One topic I had to really revisit is flex-box and grid to able to get they layout of things for the page. One real word refference
is what companys wish to give the customers. No we didn't take into consideration how people with sight disabilities may see our page. And if we were 
I would want to see it with a black and white filter to understand how they would view and what colors can combine well.

10/9/24 

No there wasn't any disgagreements I feel like but if there was we all communicated to come together and figure out the issue 
and how to agree. I'm honestly most proud of Maya's airplane animation as I do feel like it does add a cool effect towards the page. I designed
the navigation bar and footer and ensured that it was settled on all the pages .